# Restaurant Page

## Short Description

The aim of this project was to generate a clean and simple restaraunt page with tabbed browsing. The project was created using vanilla JavaScript to generate DOM elements, Webpack as a module bundler and was built responsively to ensure a good experience across all devices and screen resolutions.

[Link to Restaurant Page](https://apwaite.github.io/restaurant-page/)

## Features

This project has a number of features including:

1. Initialisation of a package.json file in the project directory using "npm init".
2. Installation of webpack to the node_modules directory of the project.
3. Creation of a src directory and a dist directory containing an index.js file that linked to the main.js file generated by webpack. Alongside this a webpack.config.js was created and configured to output a bundle.js file to the dist directory and a module was added to allow both a style-loader and css-loader.
4. With webpack now set up an index.html file was created in the dist directory and a script tag pointing to the bundle.js file added.

## Installation Guide

1. Move into the appropriate directory and enter: "git clone https://github.com/apwaite/restaurant-page.git"

2. Move into the cloned directory and type "npm init"

## Challenges

I learned a surprising amount from this project and found it to be a lot more time consuming than I expected.. When I initially started I thought this was going to be easy, so I decided early on to up the challenge by making this my first fully responsive web application. While the page itself appears simple, I had to spend a lot of time researching the installation and setup of webpack as well as the CSS and breakpoints required to make the site responsive. Other than that there was a lot of trial and error ivolved when it came to creating the various modules, importing/exporting those modules and then finally bundling them all together to append them to the DOM. To allow for tabbed browsing, event listeners were attached to the navigation links during initial page render so that when the user clicks a link the current main section is removed and the newly clicked main section is populated.
